---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vmds_cluster_metadata Data Source - vmds"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Used to fetch metadata of a cluster by ID.
---

# vmds_cluster_metadata (Data Source)

Used to fetch metadata of a cluster by ID.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "vmds_cluster_metadata" "example" {
  id = "cluster_id_34bch3"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) ID of the cluster.

### Read-Only

- `bindings` (Attributes List) List of the Bindings. Specific to `RABBITMQ` service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bindings))
- `exchanges` (Attributes List) List of the Exchanges. Specific to `RABBITMQ` service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--exchanges))
- `name` (String) Name of the cluster.
- `provider_name` (String) Name of the data-plane's cloud provider where cluster is deployed.
- `queues` (Attributes List) List of the Queues. Specific to `RABBITMQ` service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--queues))
- `service_type` (String) Type of the service of the cluster.
- `status` (String) Status of the cluster.
- `vhosts` (Attributes List) List of the vHosts. Specific to `RABBITMQ` service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vhosts))

<a id="nestedatt--bindings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bindings`

Read-Only:

- `destination` (String) Destination exchange.
- `destination_type` (String) Type of the destination.
- `routing_key` (String) Routing key.
- `source` (String) Source exchange.
- `vhost` (String) vHost name.


<a id="nestedatt--exchanges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `exchanges`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the exchange.
- `vhost` (String) vHost of the exchange.


<a id="nestedatt--queues"></a>
### Nested Schema for `queues`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the queue.
- `vhost` (String) vHost of the queue.


<a id="nestedatt--vhosts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vhosts`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the vHost.


