---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vmds_service_account Resource - vmds"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Represents a service account created on MDS, can be used to create/update/delete/import a service account.
  Note: 1. Only service accounts with valid oAuthapp can be imported.
  2. Please make sure you have selected the valid policy with active clusters while creating the service account.
---

# vmds_service_account (Resource)

Represents a service account created on MDS, can be used to create/update/delete/import a service account.
Note: 1. Only service accounts with valid oAuthapp can be imported.
2. Please make sure you have selected the valid policy with active clusters while creating the service account.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "vmds_service_account" "example" {
  name       = "example-acc"
  tags       = ["temporary", "limited-role"]
  policy_ids = ["as73i83jnfkw9wr"]

  // non editable fields
  lifecycle {
    ignore_changes = [name]
  }
  //Oauth app details
  oauth_app = {
    description = "Oauth app created for example-acc service account"
    ttl_spec    = {
      ttl       = "1"
      time_unit = "HOURS"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Updating the name results in deletion of existing service account and new service account with updated name is created.

### Optional

- `oauth_app` (Attributes) Provides OauthApp details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--oauth_app))
- `policy_ids` (Set of String) IDs of service policies to be associated with service account.
- `tags` (Set of String) Tags or labels to categorise service accounts for ease of finding.

### Read-Only

- `credential` (Attributes) Holds the Client Secret details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credential))
- `id` (String) Auto-generated ID after creating an user, and can be passed to import an existing user from MDS to terraform state.
- `status` (String) Active status of service account on MDS.

<a id="nestedatt--oauth_app"></a>
### Nested Schema for `oauth_app`

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description of the OauthApp.
- `ttl_spec` (Attributes) OauthApp Access token Duration details. Valid TTL value : less than 5 hours or 300 minutes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--oauth_app--ttl_spec))

Read-Only:

- `app_id` (String) Id of the oAuthApp.
- `app_type` (String) Type of the oAuthApp.
- `created` (String) Time when the service account was created.
- `created_by` (String) Username of the user who has created the service account.
- `modified` (String) Time when the service account was modified.
- `modified_by` (String) Username of the user who has updated the service account.

<a id="nestedatt--oauth_app--ttl_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `oauth_app.ttl_spec`

Optional:

- `time_unit` (String) Unit of time. Valid values : `HOURS` or `MINUTES`.
- `ttl` (Number) time to live value.



<a id="nestedatt--credential"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credential`

Read-Only:

- `client_id` (String) Client Id generated for the service account.
- `client_secret` (String) Client Secret generated for the service account.
- `grant_type` (String) Grant Type of the credentials.
- `org_id` (String) Org Id of the current user.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Service Account can be imported by specifying the alphanumeric identifier.
terraform import vmds_service_account.example s546dg29fh2ksh3dfr
```
