---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vmds_user Resource - vmds"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Represents an User registered on MDS, can be used to create/update/delete/import an user.
---

# vmds_user (Resource)

Represents an User registered on MDS, can be used to create/update/delete/import an user.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "vmds_user" "example" {
  email      = "developer11@vmware.com"
  tags       = ["new-user", "viewer"]
  role_ids   = ["mds:viewer"]
  policy_ids = ["asdhh4bsd83bfd"]
  timeouts   = {
    create = "1m"
  }

  // non editable fields
  lifecycle {
    ignore_changes = [email]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `email` (String) Updating the email results in deletion of existing user and new user with updated email/name is created.
- `role_ids` (Set of String) One or more of (Admin, Developer, Viewer, Operator, Compliance Manager). Please make use of `datasource_roles` to get role_ids.

### Optional

- `policy_ids` (Set of String) IDs of service policies to be associated with user.
- `tags` (Set of String) Tags or labels to categorise users for ease of finding.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Auto-generated ID after creating an user, and can be passed to import an existing user from MDS to terraform state.
- `org_roles` (Attributes List) Roles that determines access level of the user on MDS. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--org_roles))
- `service_roles` (Attributes List) Roles that determines access level inside services on MDS. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service_roles))
- `status` (String) Active status of user on MDS.
- `username` (String) Short name of user.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--org_roles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `org_roles`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the role.
- `role_id` (String) ID of the role.


<a id="nestedatt--service_roles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_roles`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the role.
- `role_id` (String) ID of the role.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# User can be imported by specifying the alphanumeric identifier.
terraform import vmds_user.example s546dg29fh2ksh3dfr
```
